     The customer finally leaves, and Sonia joins them in the back room. "So, you're Unwinds and you want my help, is that it?"

     "Maybe just some food," says Connor, "a place to rest for a few hours. Then we'll be on our way."

     "We don't want to be any trouble," says Risa.

     The old woman laughs at that. "Yes, you do! You want to be trouble to everyone you meet." She points her cane at Risa. "That's what you are now. TROUBLE." Then she puts her cane down, and softens a bit. "But that's not your fault. You didn't ask to be born, and you didn't ask to be unwound, either." She looks back and forth between the two of them, then says to Risa: "If you really want to stay alive, honey, you two can have a baby again. They won't unwind a pregnant girl, so that will buy you nine whole months."

     Risa is surprised and doesn¡¯t know what to say. Connor feels his face turns red, and says, "She . . . she wasn't pregnant the first time. It's not her baby. Or mine."

     Sonia thinks about this and takes a closer look at the baby. "Not yours, hmm? Well, now I know why you're not breastfeeding."

     Risa doesn¡¯t find it funny at all. She goes on feeding the baby with milk and her finger. "Are you going to help us or not?"

     Sonia points to a huge trunk and asks Connor, "Think you're boeuf enough to bring that over here?"

     Connor gets up, wondering what is in the trunk. He struggles to pull it across the rug and finally places it before Sonia.

     "Not much of a boeuf, are you?"

     "I never said I was."

     Instead of opening it, she sits on top of it.

     "So what's in it?" Connor asks.

     "Letters," she says. "But it's not what's in it that matters. It's what's under it." Then with her cane she pushes away the rug that was under the trunk. There it is, a small door with a round pull-ring.

     "Go on," says Sonia. Connor sighs and grabs the ring, pulling open the door. He sees steep steps leading down into darkness. Risa, holding the baby over her shoulder, comes close to the door, kneeling beside Connor.

     "This is an old building," Sonia tells them. "Way back in the early twentieth century, they hid alcohol down there."

     The steps are steep and uneven, but Sonia insists on leading the way. Connor tries to hold her arm to give her support, but she shakes him off, and replies angrily, "If I want your help, I'll ask. Do I look weak to you?"

     "Actually, yes."

     "Looks can lie," she says. "After all, when I saw you, I thought you looked smart."

     At the bottom, Sonia turns on a light on the wall.

     Risa gasps. Connor looks in the direction she is looking until he sees them. Three kids. A girl and two boys.

     The kids don't move. They seem to be close to Connor's and Risa's age. Unwinds, too, for sure. They look pretty tired.

     "For God's sake, stop staring," she says to them. "You look like a pack of rats."

     Sonia walks slowly around the dusty space, pointing things out to Risa and Connor. "There are canned foods on these shelves. Eat whatever you want, but don't leave anything over or you really will see rats. Bathroom's back there. Keep it clean. I'll go out in a bit and get some food for the baby."

     "How much longer?" asks the oldest of the three rats, a big guy who looks at Connor with distrust, as if Connor might replace his role as the leader or something.

     "What do you care?" says Sonia. "You got an important appointment?"

     The kid says nothing, he just looks at Sonia with anger and crosses his arms, showing a shark tattooed on his arm. Ooh, thinks Connor with a smirk. Scaring. Now I'm really scared.

     Sonia sighs. "Four more days until I'm rid of you forever."

     "What happens in four days?" Risa asks.

     "The ice cream man comes." And with that, Sonia climbs up the stairs. The door bangs closed.

     "Dear, sweet Dragon Lady won't tell us what happens next," says the second boy, a thin blond kid with a smirk. He has braces on his teeth. Although his eyes tell of sleepless nights, his hair is perfect. Connor can tell that this kid, despite the rags he's wearing, comes from money.

     "We get sent to harvest camp and they cut us apart, that's what happens next," says the girl. She's Asian, and looks almost as tough as the kid with the tattoo, with deep pink hair and a leather choker on her neck.

     Shark Boy looks at her sharply. "Will you shut up?" Connor notices that the kid has four parallel scratch marks on one side of his face, marks of fingernails. The girl has a black eye.

     "It's not the end of the world," she says. "Just the end of us."

     Risa gives Connor a look, and he knows what she's thinking. We have to suffer through four days with these kids? Still, she's the first to hold out her hand to them and introduce herself. Unwillingly, Connor does the same.

     Turns out, each of these kids, just like every Unwind, has a story. And every story is sad enough to make people cry.

     The smirker is Hayden. As Connor guessed, he comes from a very wealthy family. When his parents got a divorce, there was a long custody battle over him. Two years and six court dates later, there is still no result. In the end, there was only one thing his mother and father could agree on. That is, each of them would rather see Hayden unwound than allow the other parent to have custody1.

     The girl is Mai. Her parents kept trying for a boy, until they finally got one¡ª but after having four girls first. Mai was the fourth. "It's nothing new," Mai tells them. "Back in China, in the days when they only allowed one kid per family, people were killing off their baby girls."

     The big kid is Roland. He had dreams of being a military boeuf, but it seems that he is too fierce and scary, even for the military. Like Connor, Roland got into fights at school. That's not what got him to be unwound, though. Roland had beaten up his stepfather for beating his mom. The mother took her husband's side, and so Roland was sent to be unwound.

     "That's so unfair," Risa tells him.

     "Like what happened to you is any fairer?" says Connor.

     Roland gazes at Connor. It's emotional stone. "You keep talking to her like that, maybe she'll find herself a new boyfriend."

     Connor smiles with mocking warmth at him, and glances at the tattoo on his wrist. "I like your dolphin."

     Roland is not amused. "It's a tiger shark, idiot."

     Connor keeps it in his mind never to turn his back on Roland.

